README.md, before:

# Talk2Me

A distributed system that sends and receives messages between users composed of a server and a client, similar to *Whatsapp* for instance.

# Configuration

Change the parameters in `source/config.py` accordingly.
- `PORT`(int): The port in which to execute the communications
- `LOGGING` (bool): Whether to print the messages received/sent to the terminal (controlled by the environmental variable `TALK2ME_LOG`)
- `BASE_ENCRYPTION_KEY` (string): The encryption key used in the encryption/decryption of the messages
- `SUCCESS` (string): Macro for "Success"
- `FAILURE` (string): Macro for "Failure"
- `MAX_THREADS` (int): Maximum number of threads in the server before checking and cleaning inactive threads
- `SOCKET_TIMEOUT` (int): The number of seconds to wait before timing out of the socket in the accept step
- `CHAT_SERVERS` (list[str]): A list of the other servers' address (used in multi-deployment)

# Cloud deployment

The script `cloud/aws_ec2.py` automatically creates an EC2 instance, copies the source code, and starts the server. A file named `aws_config.py` should be created in `cloud/` with the following structure:

```python
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID = "EXAMPLE_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY = "EXAMPLE_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"
AWS_DEFAULT_REGION = "eu-west-2"
```

The istance parameters should also be changed in the header of `aws_ec2.py`

# Usage

1 - Configure the system in `source/config.py`

2 - Run the `source/t2ms.py` (either locally or in the cloud)

3 - Connect to it using the `source/t2mc.py`

Commit message:

updated readme with performance related

README.md, after:

# Talk2Me

A distributed system that sends and receives messages between users composed of a server and a client, similar to *Whatsapp* for instance.

# Configuration

Change the parameters in `source/config.py` accordingly.
- `PORT`(int): The port in which to execute the communications
- `LOGGING` (bool): Whether to print the messages received/sent to the terminal (controlled by the environmental variable `TALK2ME_LOG`)
- `BASE_ENCRYPTION_KEY` (string): The encryption key used in the encryption/decryption of the messages
- `SUCCESS` (string): Macro for "Success"
- `FAILURE` (string): Macro for "Failure"
- `MAX_THREADS` (int): Maximum number of threads in the server before checking and cleaning inactive threads
- `SOCKET_TIMEOUT` (int): The number of seconds to wait before timing out of the socket in the accept step
- `CHAT_SERVERS` (list[str]): A list of the other servers' address (used in multi-deployment)

# Cloud deployment

The script `cloud/aws_ec2.py` automatically creates an EC2 instance, copies the source code, and starts the server. A file named `aws_config.py` should be created in `cloud/` with the following structure:

```python
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID = "EXAMPLE_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY = "EXAMPLE_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"
AWS_DEFAULT_REGION = "eu-west-2"
```

The istance parameters should also be changed in the header of `aws_ec2.py`

# Performance

To test performance robustness two files were given, `sampler.py` and `spammer.py` (in `performance\`). The first one sample the CPU and MEM usage of the server process during a certain amount of seconds and the second one spams the server with consecutive messages from multiple users.

# Usage

1 - Configure the system in `source/config.py`

2 - Run the `source/t2ms.py` (either locally or in the cloud)

3 - Connect to it using the `source/t2mc.py`
